#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass ucthesisLyx
\options DoubleSpaced, ChapterTitleNewPage
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package auto
\inputencoding ascii
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman Georgia
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf5
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style 
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch childonly
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 1.5in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1.5in
\secnumdepth 0
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Glucocorticoids (GC) are used widely for the treatment of a large number
 of inflammatory conditions.
 Loss of muscle mass and muscle weakness are common complications of GC
 therapy.
 Androgen therapy has been suggested to reverse GC-associated muscle loss
 (GAML), but evidence of its effectiveness is lacking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Here, I established a mouse model of GAML.
 Young adult male mice receiving 0.25 mg/kg/day dexamethasone (D) s.c.
 daily, for a week, lost 3% of their body weight.
 Through NMR lean body mass quantification and muscle dissection, a loss
 of more than 10% of their muscle mass was lost.
 More than half of the muscle loss was reversed by co-administration of
 0.7 mg/kg/day testosterone (T).
 This is the first mouse model of GAML alleviation by T.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Intramuscular atrogene expression and proteasome catalytic activity were
 upregulated by D and suppressed by T co-administration.
 T co-administration caused intramuscular downregulation of atrogene-activating
 Foxo transcription factors.
 Intramuscular pro-autophagic REDD1 and Klf15 were repressed by T co-administrat
ion.
 T co-administration reduced the autophagosome-characteristic lipidated
 form of LC3B.
 Translation regulators 4E-BP, eIF3f and eIF2 did not change significantly
 as a result of androgen co-administration.
 Calpains activity and levels were unchanged by D and T.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
C2C12 differentiated myotubes were used to determine the effects of T and
 D on protein synthesis and degradation.
 Myotube diameters were reduced by D, while T co-administration suppressed
 D effect.
 Protein degradation was increased by 24 hour D treatment.
 D-stimulated protein degradation was inhibited by proteasomal inhibitor
 MG132, and, to a lesser degree, by lysosome inhibitor chloroquine.
 T co-administration returned protein degradation to basal levels.
 Protein synthesis response to D and T did not correlate with the observed
 phenotypes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In vivo, D reduced intramuscular IGF-I expression, an effect reversed by
 T co-administration.
 In C2C12, inhibition of IGF-1R signaling with picropodophyllin did not
 modify T effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In conclusion, T protective action in GAML is mainly anti-catabolic, through
 reversal of proteasome and autophagosome upregulation induced by D.
 T stimulates a potentially protective intramuscular IGF-I response.
 Different models are needed to determine the role of protein synthesis
 and of IGF-I in GAML.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
