#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass ucthesisLyx
\options DoubleSpaced, ChapterTitleNewPage
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package auto
\inputencoding ascii
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman Georgia
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf5
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style 
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch childonly
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 1.5in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1.5in
\secnumdepth 0
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pagenumbering{roman}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Keep calm and carry on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am deeply indebted to the members of my committee, Drs.
 Caroline Apovian, Shalender Bhasin, Isabel Dominguez, Konstantin Kandror,
 Monty Montano, and Carlo Serra, who helped me focus my rather diffuse initial
 plan.
 It was a privilege to receive insights from so many angles of expertise.
 I am grateful to the leaders of the graduate programs at Boston University
 School of Medicine, Drs.
 William Cruikshank, David Atkinson, and Mary Jo Murnane, who taught me
 to keep my eyes on the prize.
 I am also thanking to Mary Kathleen Deloge, who had helped me deal with
 limiting conditions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I was lucky enough to be encouraged on this path by my past mentors, Dan
 Radasanu, Drs.
 Alex Babes, Gordon Reid, Anne Treisman and Assen Marintchev.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am dedicating this work those who were taken away untimely by cancer during
 thes years.
 My mother, Romica Apetrei, EMT, spent her life in the service of humanity.
 She asked me to do likewise.
 My first lab mate, the prodigious Iurie Barbu, MD, died before his defense.
 We spent long weekend afternoons, when we were manually switching polarizers
 in the Cotroceni lab, and longer winter nights when we were moonlighting
 in the pediatric ER at the Alexandrescu Hospital.
 This world is poorer without them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took solace in the company of my wife, Dana, who managed most of the household
 business, while publishing as many papers as me.
 Knowing her, I am certain hers will have better impact factors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work would not have existed, were it not for the kind financial support
 of the American nation, through the National Institute of Health and Boston
 University.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
