#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass ucthesisLyx
\options DoubleSpaced, ChapterTitleNewPage
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package auto
\inputencoding ascii
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman Georgia
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf5
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style 
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch childonly
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 1.5in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1.5in
\secnumdepth 0
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Curriculum vitae}
\end_layout

\end_inset

Curriculum vitae
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nicolae Lucian Sandor
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Education
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
PhD candidate, Boston University School of Medicine, expected graduation
 2015
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
BS (Licentiat in Biofizica), Universitatea Bucuresti, 2005
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
DM (Doctor in Medicina), Universitatea de Medicina si Farmacie Carol Davila
 Bucuresti, 2002
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Research experience
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
2012-2015: Department of Medicine, Boston University School of Medicine,
 P.I.
 Dr.
 Shalender Bhasin, under the supervision of Dr.
 Carlo Serra
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theme: Testosterone alleviating glucocorticoid-induced muscle loss.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
2009-2012: Department of Biophysics, Boston University School of Medicine,
 P.I.
 Dr.
 Assen Marintchev
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theme: Interactions between translation initiation factors eIF1A and eIF5B
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
2005-2008: Center for the Study of Brain, Mind and Behavior, Princeton Universit
y, P.I.
 Dr.
 Anne Treisman, FRS
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theme: Brain mechanisms for statistical processing of visual scenes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Summer 2004: Biology Department, Universitatea Bucuresti, P.I.
 Dr.
 Gordon Reid, under the supervision of Dr.
 Iurie Barbu
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theme: The mediation of thermoception by ionic membrane channels
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
2001-2002: Biophysics Department, Universitatea de Medicina si Farmacie
 Carol Davila Bucuresti, P.I.
 Dr.
 Dan Eremia, under the supervision of Dr.
 Eva Katona, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Theme: The effect of non-ionizing radiation of the mobility of the cell
 membrane lipids
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Peer-reviewed publications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 Serra C, Tangherlini F, Rudy S, Lee D, Toraldo G, Sandor NL, Zhang A, Jasuja
 R, Bhasin S.
 Testosterone improves the regeneration of old and young mouse skeletal
 muscle.
 J Gerontol A Biol Sci Med Sci.
 2013 Jan;68(1).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 Serra C, Sandor NL, Jang H, Lee D, Toraldo G, Guarneri T, Wong S, Zhang
 A, Guo W, Jasuja R, Bhasin S.
 The effects of testosterone deprivation and supplementation on proteasomal
 and autophagy activity in the skeletal muscle of the male mouse: differential
 effects on high-androgen responder and low-androgen responder muscle groups.
 Endocrinology.
 2013 Dec;154(12).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 Guo W, Bachman E, Vogel J, Li M, Peng L, Pencina K, Serra C, Sandor NL,
 Jasuja R, Montano M, Basaria S, Gassmann M, Bhasin S.
 The effects of short-term and long-term testosterone supplementation on
 blood viscosity and erythrocyte deformability in healthy adult mice.
 Endocrinology.
 2015 Mar 16;en20141784.
 PMID: 25774550.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Other scientific communications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 Sandor NL, Hendrickson E, Sandor D, Wagner G, Pestova TV, Marintchev A.
 Interplay Between Intra- And Intermolecular Interactions Involving Human
 eIF1A and eIF5B.
 Abstract presented at the 2010 Meeting of Translational Control, Sept.
 2010, Cold Spring Harbor, NY.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 Sandor NL, Lee D, Toraldo G, Zhang A, Jasuja R, Bhasin S, Serra C.
 The Role Of Testosterone On The Control Of Muscle Protein Synthesis And
 Degradation.
 Abstract presented at the 2011 Evans Center Days, Nov.
 2011, Boston, MA.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 Serra C, Lee D, Sandor NL, Toraldo G, Jang H, Jasuja R, Bhasin S.
 Characterization of the neuromuscular junction in castrated male mice.
 Poster presented at ENDO2013, The Endocrine Society's 95th Annual Meeting
 & Expo, 2013, San Francisco, CA.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 Sandor NL, Jasuja R, Serra C, Bhasin S.
 Testosterone alleviates glucocorticoid myopathy by inhibiting the proteolytic
 machinery.
 Poster presented at the 2013 Evans Center Days, Nov.
 2013, Boston, MA.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Branch childonly
status collapsed

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "thesis-refs"
options "UCThesisBibStyleUnsrt"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
